Why Tenex?  Tenex is building a high performance, decentralized derivatives exchange.  Tenex aims to exceed 100,000 orders per second in production. This is over an order of magnitude improvement on the leading blockchain-based exchanges, which achieve roughly 3,000 TPS.  Tenex will deliver web2 experiences (high TPS, low latency, high uptime) while remaining decentralized and non-custodial, properties that are increasingly important in a space plagued by uncertainty and distrust. Tenex is working toward this goal through the use of a novel consensus algorithm that will power the next generation of blockchains.  Beyond performance, Tenex will support composability through the use of state proofs, a cryptographic primitive that enables seamless communication between decentralized applications. As a Blockchain Engineer, you will work directly with the founding team to architect and grow the development efforts of Tenex. In this role, you will be tasked with leading technical designs, implementing, and will bear significant ownership in getting Tenex to Mainnet.  Who we are  The founders of Tenex met while working in the hedge fund industry. There, they saw the old financial system--opaque, full of moats, unfair. When they saw the growth of DeFi in 2020, they felt it was going to be incredibly disruptive. They saw what they believed to be the early stages of a new financial world. Armed with that vision, the team built out the top suite of DeFi applications on a leading Layer 1 blockchain.  Now the team is building the exchange that will power the new financial system.  What you'll be doing   Design core, backend components, and code primarily using Rust Build, test, debug, and deploy a large-scale decentralized system across hundreds of nodes Work with consensus protocols, asynchronous runtimes, and execution engines to complete complex engineering challenges like building DeFi-related blockchain modules Develop and maintain high-quality software engineering practices and principles in a highly visible open-source project   What we're looking for   3+ years (ideally 5+ years) of experience as a backend software engineer (e.g. backend engineer in tech company, student with significant engineering experience) Expertise in networking, distributed systems, consensus protocols, parallel execution, storage, or smart contract development Experience with asynchronous programming (e.g. Rust\'92s tokio framework) Experience with Rust, Go, Swift, or C/C++  Our Benefits  Our HQ is currently in New York, NY where our tight-knit team of five works in person. Benefits include:   Competitive salary Very generous equity / token grants Health / Dental / Life / Vision insurance coverage 401k with matching Dinner covered during week Commuter benefits Gym membership of your choice Equipment (desktop, laptop, monitors) of your choice   When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:   \
Avascan, the only integrated explorer for the Avalanche network, is looking for an experienced developer, fluent in blockchain technology and distributed systems and architectures, to deploy, upgrade and maintain Avascan\'92s custom Avalanche indexer.Responsibilities   Study new patches to the avalanchego nodes Develop new extensions of the avalanchego node Keep track of node updates and rework edits if necessary   Skills you possess\'a0   5+ years experience in blockchain, consensus protocols, distributed systems, applied cryptography, compilers, p2p or similar systems Proficiency in at least one of these languages: Golang, C++, Java, Rust\'a0 Knowledge or willingness to quickly learn Avalanche platform\'92s tech details High experience in queue systems (Plus: experience in Kafka, Amazon SQS) High experience in cloud storage (Plus: experience in Amazon S3) Fluency in UNIX/Linux command line   Good to haves   Italian speaking Knowledge of noSQL databases (MongoDB) Knowledge of Node.js Knowledge of serverless applications (e.g. AWS Lambda)   What to expect   Fully remote working Work on the verge of blockchain technology International work environment and flat organisation Great career development opportunities in a fast-growing company      When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:    \
About Taiyaki Studios   Location  San Francisco or Remote   Concept Artist  Taiyaki is looking for an engineer to prototype tooling that can accelerate the way we build 3D avatars for virtual content creators. We are looking for someone with experience building creative machine learning tools and models to render real-time virtual characters for our multi-verse of brands across platforms, from short videos with AR to immersive games. Preferably you have experience with virtual characters and games, familiarity with Unreal Engine and up to date on the latest virtual production technologies. We are focused on building characters and brands that can be utilized across a variety of platforms such as Twitch, Youtube, NFT platforms, and more!   Responsibilities:   Design models and tooling to rapidly render virtual characters Build for a variety of emerging technologies and software platforms Stay up to date on latest Unreal Engine developments, modules, and virtual production tricks Work within a team of artists, engineers, and designers to produce characters across a suite of experiences and brands   Qualifications:   3+ years relevant experience in ML tooling Experience understanding basic shaders and renders for characters A portfolio of projects demonstrating scrappy prototyping and unique machine learning applications and models. Intimate knowledge of industry standard virtual production process and technology (Unity, Unreal) Experience working with and communicating within a multidisciplinary team of artists, virtual producers, and animators for content creation   Preferred Qualifications:   Experience creating and managing large-scale character collections is a massive bonus (e.g. NFT collections like Adzuki) Experience working with latest virtual tooling, such as AR and production hardware. Strong English communication skills   To Apply:  Email [email\'a0protected] with the subject [AI Prototyping Engineer] and a PDF (<5 mb) or link to a body of work  When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:  \
Burnt Finance is building the decentralized future for Web3 assets. For the first time, users are able to auction, mint, and trade NFTs in an entirely permissionless ecosystem. We are proud to be supported by amazing investors such as Animoca Brands, Multicoin Capital, Alameda Research, and so many more. If you\'92re looking to join a fast paced, problem solving environment in the center of blockchain infrastructure, NFTs, and decentralized applications, please apply!You will be a core contributor to the Burnt Finance Front-End. By driving user experience and design, your work will onboard the next wave of Web3 users and you'll play a large part in scaling this product.Responsibilities Write code that works quickly and efficiently Ensure everything you write is trustworthy and secure Work effectively with a high degree of autonomy Interface with other team members to collaborate and build mission critical portions of the app  Requirements 4+ years of engineering experience Track record with React & Javascript Track record of operating independently, demonstrating creativity, being detail oriented, and delivering results in an organized manner Excellent communication and writing skills Ability to thrive in a fast-paced work environment  Our Tech Stack Web: HTML, Javascript, Typescript, React, NextJS, CSS, Sass, Web3 Backend: NodeJS, Typescript, GraphQL, Postgres, MongoDB, Python Web3: Rust Infrastructure: AWS  Benefits of working at Burnt Finance include competitive compensation, unlimited PTO, medical, dental, and vision insurance, company off-sites and more!Burnt Finance is proud to foster an inclusive environment that is free from discrimination. We strongly believe in order to build the best products, we need a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds. This leads to a more delightful experience for our users and team members. We value listening to every voice and we encourage everyone to come be a part of building a company and products we love. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:  \
About the Company Stakes is a social sports wagering platform for NFTs. Our mission is to bring people together through community and competition. We\'92re creating the ultimate way to flex, with your predictions recorded publicly and your wins cemented forever on a blockchain. We recently raised a seed round from prominent crypto investors after graduating from IAC's incubator.About the Role We\'92re looking for an Smart Contract Lead to join our engineering team. As a key member of the team, you\'92ll be responsible for building out our web3 infrastructure and have influence on our product strategy by helping define the product features. A commitment to teamwork, hustle, and strong communication skills are absolute requirements.This is the opportunity to be part of a fast-paced, small, and flat organization responsible for developing a massive consumer product. If you love sports and are looking for an opportunity to directly see your work impact the business, this could be the role for you!What You\'92ll Do Lead the design and implementation of Stakes\'92s web3 infrastructure from the ground up targeting the Polygon blockchain Work closely with stakeholders (business, compliance, operations, and technology partners at all levels) to document requirements, and identify, mitigate and address risks in the protocol specifications and implementation. Lead the technical strategies and evolution of smart contracts at Stakes Be a thought leader and shape the direction of development for the organization  Who You Are Expertise and relevant work experience in the architecture of scalable cloud solutions with strong experience preferably in Node.js/typescript/python and implemented key aspects of an end-to-end solution, delivered in a production environment. Experience with solidity smart contract best practices and building auditable code Experience building and maintaining wallet integrations Experience with architecture and design of scalable, performant services on multiple blockchains, preferably Polygon Strong Computer Science fundamentals in blockchain protocols and data structures, algorithms, system design concepts, and problem-solving. Nice to have: Experience leading and implementing key components of an ICO Nice to have: Experience building scalable decentralized backend solutions for a mobile app Passion for sports or web3/crypto/NFTs is a huge plus  What We OfferEquity share in a growing businessUnlimited PTORemote Working Hours: 11 am to 4 pm ETBenefits coverage including: medical, dental, visionAn opportunity to build a massive consumer product that can have a significant impact on the worldStakes is committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We believe we are most impactful when people with a wide range of backgrounds, experiences, and identities come together with a common mission. We encourage candidates from all backgrounds to apply. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:   \
Welcome to Nefture!  We are a web3 security company and we aim to protect blockchain users from scams, hacks and other vulnerabilities. We protect web3 wallets by detecting fraudulent transactions and explaining them to the user. Our goal is to make blockchain accessible to everyone \uc0\u55356 \u57102   We are a team of 10+ people and located at Station F, in Paris, and at the Campus Cyber (the first campus of cybersecurity in Europe).  As part of the development of our product Nefture Security, we are recruiting a Full Stack Developer to strengthen our tech team \u55357 \u56613   Within a multidisciplinary team, composed of Backend, Frontend, Data Scientist, Solidity (Blockchain) and Web3 developers, you will participate in the entire development process of the product features!  \u55357 \u56507  Tech Stack & Tools   Typescript as our programming language of choice React.JS/Next.JS for building the frontend Node.JS for our backend platform React / React Native with React Query for building our customer facing products MySQL as our core database AWS Git / Github Jira   \u55357 \u56960  Your missions   Write fully tested, high quality and performant code on both backend and frontend. Maintain and improve our existing codebase. Participation in the technical specifications and architecture of the platform. Work in the web3 development team and participate in the planning of sprints. Exchange of best practices within the team (unit tests, code review).   \u9989  You should apply if :   You are confident in developing, releasing and maintaining web applications in a fast paced, iterative environment. You\'92re comfortable working a full stack role on the frontend and backend. You have a full understanding of Blockchain technology You have cloud native experience with AWS or similar e.g Google Cloud You are Web3 enthusiast   \u55357 \u57056  Logistics   Recruiter call (20-30 minutes) Initial screen (30-45 minutes) Remote take-home task (role dependent) Final interview (2 hours)   If you have any questions, don\'92t hesitate to reach out to us at [email\'a0protected]! \u9889 \u65039    When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:  \
Interested in joining a company that's in both the Web3 and Gaming space? Ascended is building in multiple verticals and is looking to bring on a Chief Technology Officer.  This position will be compensated in equity initially and then a traditional salary component will be introduced upon completion of our seed raise. CTO Responsibilities Partner with CEO to define, prioritize and realize product roadmap Make architecture decisions to ensure a strong, stable, and scalable product Building out our tech stack and engineering hiring plan Managing in-house engineering team, contracted development partners, and head the integrations of partner API's to our platform Driving performance, efficiency and effectiveness of engineering and product development team Discover and implement new technologies that yield competitive advantage CTO Requirements Experience working in an early-stage successful tech start-up (Nice to have) Prior CTO / Head of Engineering / technical visionary experience for a startup, preferably with a track record of one or more successful exits A strong product sense and can build engaging tech for customers Ability to conduct technological analyses and research Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to share/collaborate with peers Significant experience in software architecture and personally building digital products from early-stage through to scaling and maturity You\'92ve managed, mentored, and inspired a small team of engineers providing architectural guidance, code reviews, etc. Ascended NFT focuses on Entertainment Industry, Online Gaming, Blockchain / Cryptocurrency, Web3, and NFT. Their company has offices in Minneapolis and Remote. They have a small team that's between 1-10 employees. You can view their website at https://ascendednft.io or find them on Twitter. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:  \
ChromaWay is a blockchain technology company. Since 2014, ChromaWay has been developing and refining industry-defining blockchain technology platforms. It is the creators of relational blockchain, a new blockchain architecture that combines the power and flexibility of a relational database and the fault-tolerant decentralized security of a blockchain. Requirements:  Bachelor\'92s degree or equivalent; Experience in conducting research on a professional level (we\'92ll appreciate seeing examples of previous research works); Deep knowledge of web3: NFT projects, DAOs, distribution curves, Marketplaces, leading partnerships, and technologies trends; True fan of web3, NFT technologies; Analytical mindset, ability to analyze a wide variety of data points to inform research-driven decision-making; High responsibility, excellent time management, and follow-up skills, and attention to detail.  Responsibilities:  NFT projects analysts: 1) the business side, such as key strengths, partnership opportunities, marketing opportunities trends; 2) measure project performance based on social metrics; 3) pull and analyze on-chain data for KPI analysis (Volume of trades, Unique number of buyers/sellers, etc); Analyse the web3 market in general: trends, needs, risks, and opportunities; Perform different competitor analysis tasks with certain focus angle; Write detailed reports with concise recommendations derived from key findings.  Working conditions:  Flexible working schedule, Remote work within EU time-zone The ability to focus on your work: a lack of bureaucracy and micromanagement Agile process, small teams  Alcor focuses on Startups and Growing Companies. Their company has offices in London, Odessa, Kyiv, and Dnipro. They have a mid-size team that's between 51-200 employees. You can view their website at https://alcor-bpo.com/ or find them on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:  Our client, an LA-based family office, is looking for a top tier Cryptocurrency Research Analyst to join the firm's new Cryptocurrency Investment Group. Fully remote is an option for exceptional candidates.The successful candidate will report to the Head Trader and be responsible for generating ideas around complex cryptocurrency trades, as well as act as a mentor to junior research analysts.More details will be provided to candidates once mutual interest is established. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:   \
Are you passionate about building developer communities and blockchain\'92s potential to transform society? If so, we'd love to talk to you about joining the team at Obscuro - an L2 roll-up bringing privacy to Ethereum.  We are looking for an experienced developer relations advocate to help build and lead the developer communities building on Obscuro's privacy layer-two network for Ethereum. The ideal candidate is obsessed with delivering developer-centric experiences, has blockchain experience and loves to create tutorials and videos, run hackathons, write code and anything else that makes Obscuro a joy to develop with.  We're a fast-moving start-up, so you must exhibit excellent judgement and have a strong sense of ownership.  Responsibilities  First and foremost, help build and lead the Obscuro developer community. Work in-house to develop samples and POCs incorporating newly released Obscuro features. Brainstorm, implement and deploy creative demos that showcase Obscuro. Arrange, participate in and lead hackathons. Create the best developer documentation out there! Become the go-to person for all developer queries. Solicit open-source contributions from the developer community. Produce videos demonstrating Obscuro\'92s core features and how to incorporate them. Present at meetups, key Ethereum conferences and other developer-focused events. You innovate on behalf of our customers to achieve high-impact outcomes, consistently anticipating and solving developer needs. You have an entrepreneurial spirit and an advanced understanding of long-term business needs and the competitive environment. You can work independently and effectively in a results-oriented environment and often use judgement to make decisions of high complexity and impact.   Qualifications/Experience  Degree in computer science or relevant experience. Some software engineering experience. Strong blockchain experience, preferably EVM-based. Productive with EVM-based languages (Solidity, Vyper), libraries, and architectures. Full stack is a bonus. Excellent English communication skills (written and spoken)   When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:  \
About TeraBlock TeraBlock is a fully decentralized ecosystem to help users optimize & retain their crypto by using a suite of intuitive DeFi product offerings such as TeraBlock Co-op farms, our novel NFT marketplace and Trade Automation. Job description TeraBlock is seeking a Full-Stack Blockchain Developer who will join the Dev team. Roles and Responsibilities Your role is concurrently to participate to :  Build a new solution: develop the new front/end web application and interfaces. The new solution is for cryptocurrency trading management. Passionate about what you do and like challenges, you have sufficient knowledge / expertise to be autonomous. You are result-oriented and like to excel to deliver products of quality. You are attracted to entrepreneurship and motivated to participate from the beginning in the development and launch of a new online service. In addition to a creative spirit, you have an analytical mindset and enjoy enhancing/re-engineer existing solutions. You should have a successful experience in developing a responsive design web application with a backend database around cryptocurrency trading and API integration. and have a strong knowledge in the frameworks and technologies cited below.  Desired Skills and Experience  Expert programming experience with Python web frameworks and Javascript frameworks. Knowledge of CryptoCurrency Exchange APIs, and CCXT library implementation. Proficiency with HTML, CSS and bootstrap framework. Strong database building and managing skills ( prefer MongoDB, Redis, MySQL).  Requirements  B.S. in Computer Science or similar applied technical field..  5-8 years professional experience in web development for finance solutions.  Immediate joiners preferred.  Experience working in rapid growth environment that requires flexibility and continuous innovation.  Able to roll up your sleeves to do what is needed in urgent situations while maintaining a big-picture view. You are excited about the idea of working with a small team to get the job done, even if you sometimes need to do things that are outside of your direct job description.  Focus on quality control and Implement easy applications to maintain.  TeraBlock focuses on Blockchain / Cryptocurrency. Their company has offices in British Virgin Islands. They have a small team that's between 11-50 employees. You can view their website at https://terablock.com or find them on Twitter and LinkedIn. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they're human RMTQ0LjIxNC4wLjE0M Apply now:  \