 Top digital assets trading firm is looking to hire a distinguished Research Analyst to be based in their New York HQ. The Research Analyst will work closely with the firms Chief Portfolio Manager and a small team of research and investment professionals to analyze digital assets and their underlying blockchains to identify investment opportunities. The role requires the ability to generate trade recommendations based on fundamental analysis and relative valuation metrics as well as an ability to effectively communicate findings both verbally and through detailed reports.  This role is ideal for someone with some technical know-how (i.e. getting third party data through APIs) and strong written communication skills who is passionate about the digital asset ecosystem.What you’ll do: Analyze various cryptocurrencies for a variety of fundamental and technical factors Maintain summaries on a number of cryptocurrencies and write detailed assessments of a select subset of these cryptocurrencies Monitor industry-wide trends, community discussions, events, technical milestones, and social media Develop actionable investment ideas and prepare investment memos Monitor project, currency and industry news and developments Build relationships with counterparties and industry stakeholders  What we’re looking for: A Bachelors degree in a technical discipline (Econ, Maths, Comp Sci etc) Knowledge of crypto markets and an understanding of cryptocurrencies; knowledge of DeFi strongly preferred 3-6 years of prior experience in investment research, private equity or restructuring advisory services Strong communication skills including the ability to write detailed views on industry themes as well as individual cryptocurrencies Self-motivated with the flexibility to work independently and with the team Compensation is unprecedented and contingent on experience. This is a full-time hybrid position, based in New York. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they are human Frontend Engineer ⚡Competitive Salary + EquityWeb3 and NFTs100% Remote 🌎We're partnered with a revolutionary NFT SaaS Payment start-up who are aiming to onboard 1bn people to Web3 through their core product offering being software that enables NFTs to be bought, sold, and held without the need of a wallet. They are looking for a talented Frontend engineer with a passion for Web3 to join their team. Click the apply button if you're interested!Responsibilities Develop next generation features for core product with full technical ownership Implement systems to interact with blockchain and smart contracts on Ethereum, Layer 2 networks, Solana, etc Work with small Agile team of software engineers and product managers Develop and maintain high-quality software Requirements 5+ years of experience in software development Technical experience in HTML/CSS, Python, and Java (Rust or Solidity experience is preferred but not necessary) Experience/interest in blockchain, cryptocurrency, and NFTs Experience working in start-ups or creating your own projects Why apply? Fully remote work Competitive salary + large equity Opportunity to work deep in Web3 space Work directly with CTO 🌎 USA (Remote)📧 Interested in applying? Please click on the ‘Easy Apply’ button⚡ Storm2 is a specialist FinTech recruitment firm with clients across Europe, APAC and North America. To discuss open opportunities or career options, please visit our website at storm2.com and follow the Storm2 LinkedIn page for the latest jobs and intel. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they are human w:    Job descriptionCrypto to the people. Unlocking the potential of crypto to the masses!We are a fast-paced startup/scaleup in the Netherlands, enabling access to web3 by bridging the world of Fiat Currencies (Euro, Dollars, etc.) with the world of Cryptocurrencies.Build the next level onramping toolbox that catalyzes crypto pioneers to offer a smarter experience.We provide an embeddable widget and API for trading platforms, apps and websites so their users can buy cryptocurrencies. By partnering with the best fiat-to-crypto payment gateways and presenting them in a single plugin for crypto-platforms such as wallets, DeFi apps and trading platforms. Their users can then buy crypto easily in-platform when needed. This is one of the most important intersections for web3/meta.What is this position about?We want to make sure Onramper is the smoothest possible fiat on-ramp in the world. Not just for end-users, but also for parties integrating Onramper, such as wallets and trading platforms.We make integrating Onramper's widget and API as easy as possible. As such, we're looking for a Customer Success Engineer that will help customers with integration-related questions, incident reporting and bug fixing.You'll be taking full ownership of our onboarding flow and integration to reduce friction during integration and making sure that the Onramper widget is fully adopted by our partners. You will be helping with fixing bugs and implementing feature requests from clients.This position is open to both on-location (Amsterdam, Netherlands) and remote applicants.You will:✔️ help build and improve the client onboarding/integration flow (i.e. our dashboard & widget creation wizard)✔️ help build technical documentation, knowledge sharing and best practice development.✔️ communicate with Onramper customers (over Telegram, Slack, Hubspot and Gmail) to provide technical support and knowledgeable answers about the product and integration.✔️ prioritize, track, handle and coordinate error reports, client requests from (B2B) customers, implement improvements, fix bugs,✔️ understand, prioritize and track customer questions, needs, and feedback, and coordinate with the internal stakeholders.✔️ monitor and report on system reliability and uptimeJob requirementsYou have:   past experience in a b2b integrations role experience with providing technical customer support or customer support tools experience with coordinating and handling product requests and bug reports a good work ethic, empathy and great communication skills in English; you are not afraid to take initiative, assume responsibility, and are creative in your approach to build things to eliminate re-occurring questions/requests; you want to join a high-paced startup that's bridging the traditional financial world with the world of cryptocurrencies.   Nice-to-have:   experience with error monitoring tools love for the crypto-space ambition to work and grow in a fast-paced startup   Quick note:Research shows that women are unlikely to apply for a job if they don't 100% meet the requirements, while men tend to apply if they meet 70% of the requirements. We care about equal opportunity and diversity, and encourage applications even if not all requirements are fully met!What excites us:Across the hires we aim to make, we look for signals that a candidate fits into the vision of the company that we aim to build. We love to see:  passion for crypto ambition to build cool shit with great people excitement to be pushing the frontiers of fintech and crypto   When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they are  We’re seeking a Team Lead to join our team and work as a contractor on our Web3 and Blockchain projects. Here’s our description of our ideal Team Lead - we care more about who you are: • An experienced computer science / engineering professional (8+ years) • Lead the development team ensuring quality products are delivered according to the roadmap created. • Passionate about crypto space. • You understand systems design, you are a seasoned solutions developer and have an eye for quality and performance. • You have an inquisitive nature, always asking questions and constantly learning. • You get stuff done; you love to roll up your sleeves, put your headphones on and code. • You are a leader who can attract engineering talent and manage a team and take pride in growing as a leader. • You care about trust, accountability and ownership. Compensation: Contract based. Compensation would be on a project basis. LabEight* focuses on Mobile, Healthcare, Health Care Information Technology, Product Design, and Startups. Their company has offices in Toronto. They have a small team that's between 11-50 employees. You can view their website at https://www.labeight.tech When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they are human  Apply now:  DAML Developer$195KNew YorkSmart Contract Developer, Smart Contract Engineer, Blockchain DeveloperWhat can we offer you: $195K salary, substantial remote working flexibility, generous PTO, full health insurance coverage from day 1 (health, dental vision & transit insurance), 401(k) employer matching & much more.Ever heard of DAML? If so, you're already halfway there!My client are a global fintech firm for Securities Lending, Collateral & Swaps. They have exceptionally strong roots in New York, London, Hong Kong & Tokyo and have a very innovative team of blockchain experts.They do, however, need some added expertise in the team - they need some more DAML knowledge to help bolster the Smart Contract Engineering operations.The role?  Smart contract Engineering. You’ll be using Smart Contract tech to build enterprise solutions. It will be useful if you have some solid OOP (object-oriented programming) skills, such as Java or C++. Some strong backend / microservice experience would also be beneficial, as part of the role will entail building and using RESTful API’s. You’ll be working in the cloud (AWS or Azure), using Linux/Unix servers and Github.  DAML is very highly desirable, but you could also be a strong Solidity dev with the desire to work with DAML. Haskell, Scala and JavaScript are also desirable languages If you have any exposure or experience with DAML development then please let us know by applying now! (or email me directly at [email protected] with your resume)Get in touch and we can speak in more depth about this incredible opportunity. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they are human  Apply now:  Job Description Are you ready to join the team? We're hiring a Senior Full Stack & Smart Contract Developer with exceptional programming skills as our team is expanding rapidly. Reporting to the CTO, you will be a key member of the Tech team where you will handle front end and application logic development. This role will contribute enormously to the success of the Tech Team and is an excellent opportunity to join an exciting industry with other focused, talented professionals. Working in collaboration with CEO/CTO and Tech Team, you will:  Be a leader in the Technology Team to support and manage team Provide input and suggest ideas on feature development Work closely with the Community Team to understand and prioritize features according to user feedback Code and develop exciting new feature Document all development work on our central repository system  Our environment is far from a traditional IT landscape and we manage it with the latest tools. If we can automate it, then we do so - enabling our high performing team to focus on what matters - Building a fantastic product that our users love! The tools we use roughly looks like this:  Reactjs Redux Typescript Node.js Slack G Suite  Qualifications To succeed in this role, we'll love for you to have:  Interest or experience in NFTs and blockchain is a MUST! 3 - 5 years experience managing and scaling AWS applications Experience in developing and deploying smart contracts in Solidity 3 - 5 years experience with at least two of the following programing languages (Reactjs, Redux, Typescript, Node.js) Hands on experience or exposure to working on front end development Strong communication skills to work collaborative together with the Tech Team A passion for learning as everyday's a new opportunity to grow and develop your skills  What we can offer you @ Mintable?  Attractive Compensation Packages 21 Days of Annual Leave Discretionary Bonus Employee Stock Options in the Company after 6 months Comprehensive Health Insurance Challenging work in a fun and collaborative environment Assurance of being backed by international investors Long-term prospects for a professional career in a high growth company and up-and-coming industry Room to fail and learn from mistakes - we love failing differently and learning! Flexible work culture Frequent team lunches and company events Cozy, pet-friendly shophouse working environment in a centrally located office Referral bonuses  Mintable focuses on E-Commerce, Art, Cryptocurrency, Blockchain / Cryptocurrency, and Web3. Their company has offices in Singapore. They have a small team that's between 11-50 employees. You can view their website at https://mintable.app or find them on Twitter and LinkedIn. When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they are human  Apply now:   we're hiring a software engineer at noxx.  you will be joining our dev team and shaping noxx together to empower the pseudonymous future of work.   identity: pseudonymous salary: global flat rate location: remote commitment: part-time (20+ hours/week) or full-time start: asap   what is noxx?  noxx is a payroll and compliance tool for pseudonymous talent. details in this tweet & blog post.   how would you work?  you would use a pseudonym. you could use an avatar and voice-changer for meetings. you would not show us your real identity.   who are we looking for?  requirements passionate about web3 and pseudonymous economy. 5+ years’ experience in web development familiar with several of our backend tech stacks (Checkout “our tech stack” section) have a strong interest in developing dApp or any relevant web3 application using smart contracts (Ethereum or other EVM compatible blockchains)    nice to have experience with Serverless architecture using AWS products such as Lambda Function, DynamoDB, AppSync, Cognito experience with web3 development tools (Ether.js, foundry-rs) experience in working for small teams or startups experience with full-stack development     position details?  you would be involved in a full-stack web3 application development  serverless architecture interacting with the Polygon network   you would lead projects to implement functionalities that we are planning to release. the full-time position will start on a trial basis with a 1-month contractor agreement.   what is our tech stack?  frontend React, Next.js, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, Ethers.js  web3 Solidity(foundry-rs), IPFS, circom(zkp)  backend Serverless on AWS CDK, Lambda(Node.js/Rust), GraphQL(AppSync), Auth0, OpenIDConnect    how to apply please don’t send us your cv, LinkedIn, GitHub with your real name.  don't doxx yourself for work.  thanks,   kiyo & tomo   When applying, mention the word CANDYSHOP when applying to show you read the job post completely. This is a beta feature to avoid spam applicants. Companies can search these words to find applicants that read this and see they are human  Apply now:   
